## mei 28, 2001

### Many strange dreams lately, very

Many strange dreams lately, very real dreams, bubbling to the surface.  This
happened months ago,<br /> and the same things are bringing up the same dreams.
Like a pot tightly covered, when the dreams are supressed, they come up later
with much force.  Now, getting to the gentle dreams, some very gentle and
beautiful dreams lately.  This morning, I woke up so happy from my dream, such a
pleasant country dream, staying at a house in the country, visiting a quiet
shop/restaurant and talking to gentlepersons.

## mei 24, 2001

### Oh dear. A month without

Oh dear.  A month without any updates!  That just won't do!

## mei 01, 2001

### Hanging out with Spencer, talking

Hanging out with <a href="http://www.ultraturbobang.com">Spencer</a>, talking
some wild theories about the nature of time and how to represent in film.  Lots
of cool things.

## juni 27, 2001

### Must write more. Must write

Must write more.  Must write more.

## juni 21, 2001

### Solstice!

Solstice!

## juni 11, 2001

### Wow!!!! bill bissett is coming

Wow!!!! bill bissett is coming over for dinner tonight!  I'm making my
spectacular baked asparagus pasta recipie, garlic bread and salad.  Yummy!


### Some real gems on gnutella,

Some real gems on gnutella, found a 70MB mp3 called "Liquid Acid" that is a
sweet sweet mix, right trippy.

## juni 07, 2001

### Captain Tractor rocks. Sadly, they

<a href="http://www.captaintractor.com">Captain Tractor</a> rocks.  Sadly, they
don't have an MP3 for their best song (IMHO) The Last Saskatchewan Pirate.  I
didn't know until recently that the Arrogant Worms wrote that song.
Interesting.

## juni 06, 2001

### Sadly, can't listen to the

Sadly, can't listen to the beautiful stream below, it's from Finland and is too
choppy on our connection.


### Oh my god/goddess!

Oh my <a href="http://130.233.21.106/">god/goddess!</a>

### Imagine being on a planet

Imagine being on a planet without rain, there would be no trees, no grass, no
flowers.  Most planets don't have rain, it's a miracle of the planet earth.
Rain is beautiful!

## juni 05, 2001

### Beautiful day today, a little

Beautiful day today, a little cloudy, the green really comes out on days like
this.  I am amazed that I live in such a beautiful place on earth.

### Babaji Full Moon meditation this

<a href="http://www.babaji.net">Babaji</a> Full Moon meditation this morning at
5am.  Very gentle and energetic.  Had an incredible dream before the meditation,
I was in the back seat of a car, my friend went inside a building, left the
car's engine running, but parked.  The car started driving itself in front of
the building, first just moving a little bit backwards and forwards, then in
circles.  The car was so tiny that I couldn't get over the front seat to push
the break, I was stretching but couldn't make it.  A female cop was outside,
pointing her gun at the car and being very excited generally.  It was very
hilarious!  We got the car stopped finally, I think it just stopped by itself.
Then, they took me back to my friends place, I shook the hand of the male cop,
but the female cop went upstairs before I could shake her hand, so I waited
downstairs.  She didn't come down, so I just sat at a table, and talked to a
very intense young woman with very intense eyes, looked like she had been up for
a long time, she had a voice I sort of rememberd, but couldn't place it.  She
was talking about "The Idiots" and said that the furthest extent was having the
family involved in middle part.  I wanted to agree, but then noticed my parents
at the table, so I didn't say anything.  It was funny, they weren't <a
"href=http://leda.lycaeum.org/Images/Salvia_divinorum.7871.shtml">there</a>,
then they were, I was bringing them in myself, holding myself back, internalized
sociatel pressures.  This is the current theme in my life now, breaking through
these limitations.

## juni 04, 2001

### Oh wow! This weekend I

Oh wow!  This weekend I had tea and oranges with <a
href="http://www.unb.ca/qwerte/bissett/">bill bissett</a> one of Canada's most
amazing poets!  He's been a hero of mine for years, he's inspired me so much
over the years, and I love love love his poetry (some of it is on my site).
Wow!

