## mei 28, 2001

### Many strange dreams lately, very

Many strange dreams lately, very real dreams, bubbling to the surface.  This
happened months ago,<br /> and the same things are bringing up the same dreams.
Like a pot tightly covered, when the dreams are supressed, they come up later
with much force.  Now, getting to the gentle dreams, some very gentle and
beautiful dreams lately.  This morning, I woke up so happy from my dream, such a
pleasant country dream, staying at a house in the country, visiting a quiet
shop/restaurant and talking to gentlepersons.

## mei 24, 2001

### Oh dear. A month without

Oh dear.  A month without any updates!  That just won't do!

## mei 01, 2001

### Hanging out with Spencer, talking

Hanging out with <a href="http://www.ultraturbobang.com">Spencer</a>, talking
some wild theories about the nature of time and how to represent in film.  Lots
of cool things.

## juni 27, 2001

### Must write more. Must write

Must write more.  Must write more.

## juni 21, 2001

### Solstice!

Solstice!

## juni 11, 2001

### Wow!!!! bill bissett is coming

Wow!!!! bill bissett is coming over for dinner tonight!  I'm making my
spectacular baked asparagus pasta recipie, garlic bread and salad.  Yummy!


### Some real gems on gnutella,

Some real gems on gnutella, found a 70MB mp3 called "Liquid Acid" that is a
sweet sweet mix, right trippy.

## juni 07, 2001

### Captain Tractor rocks. Sadly, they

<a href="http://www.captaintractor.com">Captain Tractor</a> rocks.  Sadly, they
don't have an MP3 for their best song (IMHO) The Last Saskatchewan Pirate.  I
didn't know until recently that the Arrogant Worms wrote that song.
Interesting.

## juni 06, 2001

### Sadly, can't listen to the

Sadly, can't listen to the beautiful stream below, it's from Finland and is too
choppy on our connection.


### Oh my god/goddess!

Oh my <a href="http://130.233.21.106/">god/goddess!</a>

### Imagine being on a planet

Imagine being on a planet without rain, there would be no trees, no grass, no
flowers.  Most planets don't have rain, it's a miracle of the planet earth.
Rain is beautiful!

## juni 05, 2001

### Beautiful day today, a little

Beautiful day today, a little cloudy, the green really comes out on days like
this.  I am amazed that I live in such a beautiful place on earth.

### Babaji Full Moon meditation this

<a href="http://www.babaji.net">Babaji</a> Full Moon meditation this morning at
5am.  Very gentle and energetic.  Had an incredible dream before the meditation,
I was in the back seat of a car, my friend went inside a building, left the
car's engine running, but parked.  The car started driving itself in front of
the building, first just moving a little bit backwards and forwards, then in
circles.  The car was so tiny that I couldn't get over the front seat to push
the break, I was stretching but couldn't make it.  A female cop was outside,
pointing her gun at the car and being very excited generally.  It was very
hilarious!  We got the car stopped finally, I think it just stopped by itself.
Then, they took me back to my friends place, I shook the hand of the male cop,
but the female cop went upstairs before I could shake her hand, so I waited
downstairs.  She didn't come down, so I just sat at a table, and talked to a
very intense young woman with very intense eyes, looked like she had been up for
a long time, she had a voice I sort of rememberd, but couldn't place it.  She
was talking about "The Idiots" and said that the furthest extent was having the
family involved in middle part.  I wanted to agree, but then noticed my parents
at the table, so I didn't say anything.  It was funny, they weren't <a
"href=http://leda.lycaeum.org/Images/Salvia_divinorum.7871.shtml">there</a>,
then they were, I was bringing them in myself, holding myself back, internalized
sociatel pressures.  This is the current theme in my life now, breaking through
these limitations.

## juni 04, 2001

### Oh wow! This weekend I

Oh wow!  This weekend I had tea and oranges with <a
href="http://www.unb.ca/qwerte/bissett/">bill bissett</a> one of Canada's most
amazing poets!  He's been a hero of mine for years, he's inspired me so much
over the years, and I love love love his poetry (some of it is on my site).
Wow!

## mei 31, 2002

### Mmmm, got a Linksys wireless

Mmmm, got a Linksys wireless router yesterday, and got it setup
today... Yummm....

## mei 30, 2002

### Saw Spiderman again yesterday. I

Saw <a href="http://www.spiderman.sonypictures.com">Spiderman</a> again
yesterday.  I was sitting <a
href="http://www.howstuffworks.com/question494.htm">further back</a> in the
theatre, and it was a much smaller screen, so I found myself much more able to
take in all the information from the movie, and got less dizzy than the first
time I saw it.

## mei 28, 2002

### Cool. First program cross-compiled under

Cool.  First program cross-compiled under MingW.  Network mounted the
/shakti/sness partition, and then I can run it directly over the net, instead of
having to move it by hand.  Neat.

### It looks like it's going

It looks like it's going to be pretty simple to do this cross-compilation
thingy, I'm looking at docs <a
href="http://www.mingw.org/docs.shtml#installation">here</a>, and I'm getting
things ready to compile a test app today.

### BTW, MO is the acronym

BTW, MO is the acronym for my new project, Molecular Origami, taking what I did
in 1988 and extending it radically to multiple dimensions and multiple genomes.
With a fully themable interface, and SOAP and XML communication.  Fully buzzword
compliant.  :)

### The database of Immigrant genes.

The <a href="http://bioinformatics.org/immigrant/">database of Immigrant
genes</a>.  Is up on <a href="http://bioinformatics.org">bioinformatics.org</a>.
A very interesting looking resource, a good candidate for inclusion in MO.

### Working with MingW to cross-compile

Working with <a href="http://www.mingw.org">MingW</a> to cross-compile code for
Windows on Linux.  Looks interesting.  I don't like the hardware OpenGL
acceleration on Linux, it's so much easier on Windows, and this way, it'll force
me to keep my codebase working on both Win and Linux at the same time.  It's a
good thing.

### Going to try to get

Going to try to get my <a
href="http://www.logitech.com/cf/support/7700.cfm">QuickCam</a> camera working
again on the Windows box.  I hope they've changed the drivers and software to
allow me to upload the pictures to a local website, it was such a bummer when
they took that feature out and forced you to upload to their website.

### Another gorgeous day today, I'm

Another gorgeous day today, I'm up and on the computer.  Latest <a
href="http://kt.zork.net/kernel-traffic/latest.html">Linux Kernel Digest</a> is
up.

I just logged into my <a href="http://www.furry.com">furry.com</a> account
again, to keep it active.  I've had my sness character since sometime in 1994, I
don't go there much at all, but I login every 3 months or so to make sure my
character doesn't get <br /> deleted.  I've got quite a little world back in
there, but don't have anyone to really share it with.  Laurel Poole was the one
who got<br /> me on there, but soon after I got my character, she left, never to
return again.  I love having old stuff like that around, it's neat to look back
at old computer stuff and remember.

Talking about that, I just got some of my old old source code off of floppies,
source code for the Molecular Origami project I did back in 1988/1989 for the
CWSF (Canada Wide Science Fair).  I'll be posting some of it up soon, it's in
Turbo Pascal, and I'm amazed at how similar my source code is now to how it was
then.  Very interesting.

## mei 27, 2002

### A beautiful day outside today,

A beautiful day outside today, sun, flowers, trees, yum!  Risk of a
thundershower tonight, oh, I miss thunder!  I'm crossing my fingers!

### Drat, I tried this whole

Drat, I tried this whole morning to get the XML-RPC and blogger.el client to
post to here from xemacs,<br /> and it just isn't working.  Drat.  I learned
some about XML during this, but it still feels like a bummer that I <br />
couldn't get it going.  I'll try again perhaps later this week.

### Ok. OK. OK!!! I'm going

Ok.  OK.  OK!!!  I'm going to start again, really.  :)

## juni 06, 2002

### The magic words... /sbin/route add

The magic words...<br />
<pre><br />
 /sbin/route add -net 10.0.0.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 gw 192.168.1.108 dev eth0<br />
</pre>

## juni 05, 2002

### Just got back from Lac

Just got back from <a
href="http://ca.maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?Pyt=Tmap&addr=&city=Edmonton&state=AB&csz=Edmonton,+AB&slt=53.554771&sln=-113.507607&mlt=54.865583&mln=-112.163931&name=&zip=&country=ca&BFKey=&BFCat=&BFClient=&mag=7&desc=&cs=8&newmag=6&poititle=&poi=&ds=g">Lac
La Biche</a>, up a couple hours northeast of Edmonton.  Very nice place to hang
out, we saw lots of birds, wildlife and not very many people.  :) We saw a few
water bombers filling up with water, presumably to help with the forest fires up
north.  Big big planes.

## januari 02, 2003


### Arabidopsis thaliana genome sequencedAs reported

<h2>Arabidopsis thaliana genome sequenced</h2><br>As <a
href="http://www.nature.com/nature/links/001214/001214-1.html">reported</a> in
the journal <a href="http://www.nature.com">Nature</a>, the entire genome of
Arabidopsis thaliana has just been <a
href="http://http://www.nature.com/cgi-taf/DynaPage.taf?file=/nature/journal/v408/n6814/full/408791a0_fs.html"><br>sequenced</a>.
A. thaliana is a model organism, and was earlier mapped by <br><a
href="http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov:80/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=10391215&dopt=Abstract">Marra,
et al. </a>.  This is a huge advance for bioinformatics, and represents the
first plant genome to be<br>fully sequenced.

### Genome of Fugu may hold

<h2>Genome of Fugu may hold clues to Human Genome</h2><br><a
href="http://www.udel.edu/chem/white/teaching/CHEM647/CSP1Fugu.html">Fugu</a>
the poisonous fish prized by sushi enthusiasts, has a very <a
href="http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2000/12/11/MN134713.DTL"><br>small
genome</a>. Scientists now are planning to <a
href="http://fugu.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/fugu/pffp/pf.html">sequence the entire fugu
genome</a> and <br>compare the Human and Fugu genomes, in order to find genes.

### New genetic research (on Drosophilia)

New <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2000/12/15/science/15AGIN.html">genetic
research</a> (on Drosophilia) to show that restricting caloric intake can <a
href="http://www.clas.ufl.edu/users/ardelt/Aging/Team8.htm">increase life
span</a>. This has been <a
href="http://www.sciam.com/2000/0600aging/0600taubes.html">shown</a> before in
other organisms, but this is the first time that a <a
href="http://sciencenow.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/full/2000/1214/1">genetic
mutation</a> has been able to significantly increase life span.  <br>Going
further out, there are <a
href="http://dir.yahoo.com/Society_and_Culture/Cultures_and_Groups/Breatharians/">yogis
and breatharians</a> who live on cosmic energy alone.
