## mei 31, 2002

### Mmmm, got a Linksys wireless

Mmmm, got a Linksys wireless router yesterday, and got it setup
today... Yummm....

## mei 30, 2002

### Saw Spiderman again yesterday. I

Saw <a href="http://www.spiderman.sonypictures.com">Spiderman</a> again
yesterday.  I was sitting <a
href="http://www.howstuffworks.com/question494.htm">further back</a> in the
theatre, and it was a much smaller screen, so I found myself much more able to
take in all the information from the movie, and got less dizzy than the first
time I saw it.

## mei 28, 2002

### Cool. First program cross-compiled under

Cool.  First program cross-compiled under MingW.  Network mounted the
/shakti/sness partition, and then I can run it directly over the net, instead of
having to move it by hand.  Neat.

### It looks like it's going

It looks like it's going to be pretty simple to do this cross-compilation
thingy, I'm looking at docs <a
href="http://www.mingw.org/docs.shtml#installation">here</a>, and I'm getting
things ready to compile a test app today.

### BTW, MO is the acronym

BTW, MO is the acronym for my new project, Molecular Origami, taking what I did
in 1988 and extending it radically to multiple dimensions and multiple genomes.
With a fully themable interface, and SOAP and XML communication.  Fully buzzword
compliant.  :)

### The database of Immigrant genes.

The <a href="http://bioinformatics.org/immigrant/">database of Immigrant
genes</a>.  Is up on <a href="http://bioinformatics.org">bioinformatics.org</a>.
A very interesting looking resource, a good candidate for inclusion in MO.

### Working with MingW to cross-compile

Working with <a href="http://www.mingw.org">MingW</a> to cross-compile code for
Windows on Linux.  Looks interesting.  I don't like the hardware OpenGL
acceleration on Linux, it's so much easier on Windows, and this way, it'll force
me to keep my codebase working on both Win and Linux at the same time.  It's a
good thing.

### Going to try to get

Going to try to get my <a
href="http://www.logitech.com/cf/support/7700.cfm">QuickCam</a> camera working
again on the Windows box.  I hope they've changed the drivers and software to
allow me to upload the pictures to a local website, it was such a bummer when
they took that feature out and forced you to upload to their website.

### Another gorgeous day today, I'm

Another gorgeous day today, I'm up and on the computer.  Latest <a
href="http://kt.zork.net/kernel-traffic/latest.html">Linux Kernel Digest</a> is
up.

I just logged into my <a href="http://www.furry.com">furry.com</a> account
again, to keep it active.  I've had my sness character since sometime in 1994, I
don't go there much at all, but I login every 3 months or so to make sure my
character doesn't get <br /> deleted.  I've got quite a little world back in
there, but don't have anyone to really share it with.  Laurel Poole was the one
who got<br /> me on there, but soon after I got my character, she left, never to
return again.  I love having old stuff like that around, it's neat to look back
at old computer stuff and remember.

Talking about that, I just got some of my old old source code off of floppies,
source code for the Molecular Origami project I did back in 1988/1989 for the
CWSF (Canada Wide Science Fair).  I'll be posting some of it up soon, it's in
Turbo Pascal, and I'm amazed at how similar my source code is now to how it was
then.  Very interesting.

## mei 27, 2002

### A beautiful day outside today,

A beautiful day outside today, sun, flowers, trees, yum!  Risk of a
thundershower tonight, oh, I miss thunder!  I'm crossing my fingers!

### Drat, I tried this whole

Drat, I tried this whole morning to get the XML-RPC and blogger.el client to
post to here from xemacs,<br /> and it just isn't working.  Drat.  I learned
some about XML during this, but it still feels like a bummer that I <br />
couldn't get it going.  I'll try again perhaps later this week.

### Ok. OK. OK!!! I'm going

Ok.  OK.  OK!!!  I'm going to start again, really.  :)

## juni 06, 2002

### The magic words... /sbin/route add

The magic words...<br />
<pre><br />
 /sbin/route add -net 10.0.0.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 gw 192.168.1.108 dev eth0<br />
</pre>

## juni 05, 2002

### Just got back from Lac

Just got back from <a
href="http://ca.maps.yahoo.com/py/maps.py?Pyt=Tmap&addr=&city=Edmonton&state=AB&csz=Edmonton,+AB&slt=53.554771&sln=-113.507607&mlt=54.865583&mln=-112.163931&name=&zip=&country=ca&BFKey=&BFCat=&BFClient=&mag=7&desc=&cs=8&newmag=6&poititle=&poi=&ds=g">Lac
La Biche</a>, up a couple hours northeast of Edmonton.  Very nice place to hang
out, we saw lots of birds, wildlife and not very many people.  :) We saw a few
water bombers filling up with water, presumably to help with the forest fires up
north.  Big big planes.
