# molmil

Interesting, they have the actual website in the gh-pages branch:

[https://github.com/sness23/molmil/blob/gh-pages/index.html](https://github.com/sness23/molmil/blob/gh-pages/index.html)

# emacs vs vim

turns out that this wasn't actually a battle at all
with doom emacs you can have vi keybindings in emacs

there were two different things going on there,
what are good keybindings and should we be building
an editor or an ide?  vi is an editor, emacs is more
like a programming system or ide.

1) what are good keybindings to use?

emacs default keybindings are not awesome,

that is why i've remapped a lot to things
that i prefer.  doing this in emacs involves
writing a (tiny) program in emacs lisp, like this:

    (global-set-key "\C-z" 'undo)

This is emacs lisp.

That's awesome, but why does it have to be in lisp?
Couldn't it be in typescript?  Or another language

I think the problem is maybe that the API between
the C and Lisp parts of Emacs wasn't formalized

Isn't that what you need, to have an editor with an
API that you interact with?

We can do that with Web Components.

2) Should we be building a programming system?

emacs decided to build this, vi didn't

you can emulate vi in emacs, but not the other way around

having a programming language that you can interact with your
editor with is key.  then you can do complex things.

# Sat Jan 02 2021 - 22:04:48 PM

The InterPlanetary File System ([IPFS](1)) is a protocol and peer-to-peer
network for storing and sharing data in a distributed file system. IPFS uses
content-addressing to uniquely identify each file in a global namespace
connecting all computing devices.

IPFS allows users to not only receive but host content, in a similar manner to
BitTorrent. As opposed to a centrally located server, IPFS is built around a
decentralized system of user-operators who hold a portion of the overall data,
creating a resilient system of file storage and sharing. Any user in the network
can serve a file by its content address, and other peers in the network can find
and request that content from any node who has it using a distributed hash table
(DHT).

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/InterPlanetary_File_System

# Sat Jan 02 2021 - 23:55:54 PM

[https://json-schema.org/learn/getting-started-step-by-step.html](2)

[2]: https://json-schema.org/learn/getting-started-step-by-step.html
